# Minutes: 07/11/2025

## Minutes

### New actions

* NB email Jeremy about the RPi cluster used in SCALE-UP and whether he will bring it to CIUK and we could exhibit it on the booth.
* NB collate social media handles across projects
* NB email out to organise a meeting for DRI projects to deep dive on flexible funding discussion

### On going actions

* NB to set up centralised DB for reviewers (could be linked in with Neil and Jonathan's work on panel rover scheme)

### Completed actions

* NB set up calls, call for reviewer and funding calls on CAKE website
* NB set up mailing list for DRI projects
* NB email round to find regular monthly slot
* NB develop a brochure of projects

### Reviewers and funding calls

NB highlighted the funding page on the CAKE website (https://www.cake.ac.uk/funds/) for DRI projects, several projects have collated reviewers who are happy to have their details shared and review a wider range of proposals. NB to add a google drive spreadsheet here in the first instance.

### SC

NB highlighted SC in a couple of weeks, UK University's booth with materials (brochure, project post-cards, pens, stickers). If there is anything you want us to take then it's not too late, especially fliers etc we can print off.

### CIUK

Jo emailed round about the session in the main conference, 4-minute lightening talks from each of the projects and then a potential panel. Reminder of the deadline to let her know involvement. Also a booth, Michael mentioned there is a DRIFT hackathon in Cambridge today, and a part of this is the RPi cluster that SCALE UP are supporting in their flexible fund. Jeremy could potentially bring to CIUK. One of three main themes for SCALE UP, so useful to get feedback and help ensure that the approach adopted for funding, i.e funding for parts, or build these things etc, best suits the community.

### CAKE calendar

NB highlighted the CAKE calendar https://www.cake.ac.uk/events/ , discussed a few events that are missing and how to add them. Weronika mentioned important to ensure we don't clash with events across the programme, the calendar is probably a reasonably central resource to check against for this.

### AoB

From Kirsty in DisCouRSE, a general sync up on social media would be useful. They have made a Linkedin page and wonder if could be possible to create list of social media across projects and then can cross populate across projects etc. CAKE can help cross polination, but potentially more to explore? 

Louise mentioned for CaSDar, for funding calls have flexible funding allocation to run. It's been a bit of a confusing time, as navigating this with experiences but lots of questions. Really helpful to reach out to those who have already run, all received funding from UKRI so similar. Is there a governence etc around this, a community to explore this? Louise highlighted that there was a big learning curve, and potentially as we have all done this now lots of shared knowledge. NB mentioned CAKEbox, could store this knowledge centrally - Louise highlighed in CaSDar they have made everything open so others can use. Louise also mentioned this is Potentially much wider than DRI, across UKRI as far wider e.g. approached funding small businesses and super helpful.  

EB, CAKE CoSeC EDI working group just been launched - lines up with LS discussion on inclusive language etc. Not reinvent wheel as lots of best practice, but need to make available and explain how can integrate with every day working. Scope for more DRI project representation in the group as quite CoSeC heavy, welcoming and keen to get more people involved. 

## Agenda

### Outstanding items

* NB set up calls, call for reviewer and funding calls on CAKE website
* NB set up mailing list for DRI projects
* NB email round to find regular monthly slot
* NB to set up centralised DB for reviewers (could be linked in with Neil and Jonathan's work on panel rover scheme)
* NB develop a brochure of projects

### Reviewers and funding calls

### SC

### CIUK

### CAKE calendar

# NB ensure added 

### AoB

From Kirsty in DIScourse, a general sync up point on social media - have made a linked in page and wonder if could be possible to create list of social media across projects. Cross populate across projects etc. CAKE can help cross polination, but potentially more to explore? 

For CaSDar, for funding calls have flexible funding allocation to run. Been a confusing time, as navigating this with experiences but lots of questions. Really helpful to reach out to those who have already run, all received funding from UKRI so similar. Is there a governence etc around this, a community to explore this. E.g. to ensure legal side. Big learning curve, lots of shared knowledge. NB mentioned CAKEbox, could store this knowledge centrally - in CaSDar have made everything open so others can use. POtentially much wider than DRI, across UKRI as far wider e.g. approached funding small businesses and super helpful. Louise Saul (LS). 

EB highlighted that the CAKE CoSeC EDI working group has just been launched, this lines up with Louise's discussion point around inclusive language etc. Key is not to reinvent the wheel as lots of best practice already exists, but we need to make available and explain how one can integrate this with every day working. There is scope for more DRI project representation in the EDI group as it's currently quite CoSeC heavy, the group is welcoming and keen to get more people involved. Please let EB know if you want to join.
