# Minutes: 25/09/2025

## New actions

* NB set up calls, call for reviewer and funding calls on CAKE website
* NB set up mailing list for DRI projects
* NB email round to find regular monthly slot

### Reviewers and funding calls

Lots of funding calls coming across projects, some just out and others being released in the next month or so.

Started discussion around reviewing, Samantha talking to Charlotte about eligability rules. Anyone funded had assumed UKRI eligable, but apparently not the case as flexible fund for distributed to individuals potentially. Also assume 80% FeC, but might consider 100% FeC if appropriate - will get confirmation from NERC next week. Johnathan said it is important to discuss with institutions and specifically the contract offices in terms of what they will allow. The crucial thing is who a lead is on a funded project, UCL says it has to be someone trusted to distribute the funds correctly. Johnathan said when they applied they were told that 100% FeC is allowed for industry, an institution normally getting 80% would get it too, this is because the terms get passed on here. 

Johnathan said he has put out a call for reviewers, 7 responses so far and they are happy for their details to be shared with the rest of the group. Useful to build up names of reviewers and to share centrally. Neil and Johnathan got some extra money from NERC to do a panel rover scheme which will explore how these are run and to do some analysis of this. Neil said there were some lessons learnt from going through this, it really depends on lead organisation policies. Have been able to give 100% FeC even to research individuals but not the organisations themselves e.g. travel bursary funding. Also to highlight on reviewing side the confidentiality agreements, there is extreme push back about hiring reviewers that outside UK/EU/NZ as don't think can come up with a confidentiality agreement that can cover them. Proably not impact here too much, but challenge with reviewers from the US to be aware of. Also, if paying your reviewers then some have backed out as on skilled worker visas, limitation of 20 hours a week (or month?) on top of this, even only propose 14 hours of extra work but the individual is not willing to take risk that they might accidently go over the limit. Been communicated with UKRI as wider impact here.

Helen said if get reviewers and hold a central name list, a common pool, then CAKE can be central and act as a single point of truth here. Nick agreed that this is a good idea nd will set something up. 

Samatha said it might be worth sharing reviews between DRI projects, could we review for each other? Applications will register their interest, maybe an internal list of each other. Nick said this was worthwhile, we could act as a backup to each other if nothing else.

Lucy said when people met at Imperial we had discussions around grant application platforms, which we would use and potentially to share costs of good grants? Maybe have moved on from this? CHARTERED using good grants, but on the back of SSI. So maybe no point discussing but being mentioned. Samantha said had thought about it, but costs prohibitive - platform a considerable amount with respect to the project amount. Next time will specifically put it in as a budget item and this is a useful lesson learnt here. Neil said he can give more information/views about experiences using Good grants, SSI have noticed good grants not good at handling conflicts of interest - but to be fair this is hard to do. Might be something can share experiences around how we do this and consistent conflict of interest policy across funds. Helen said ACIT-Hub is using CMT at https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/About which is free (designed for conferences, but can be used here).

## DRI congress

Lots of people at it, and lots of sessions, CAKE have had a peak at the draft programme and it looks very good. Eleanor is running a CAKE session and after people to be involved in this. It will be an interactive session around identifying common challenges across projects and activities, and discussing solutions. Looking for speakers and as an outcome some good positive actions for solving challenges that you think other people are facing. Please reach out to Eleanor for this (will likely see emails about it in the coming weeks). 

Nick said unsure what the congress will be like, and Neil said the first one last year was mainly people in a room and splitting into groups of facilitated sessions. The big ddifference this year is that these are being run heavily by the projects themselves, which makes sense as there are lots more projects this year. 

### SC

Nick said that we will have a presence via the UK universities booth, and there will be an STFC one too. Both will have DRI representation on them and are now in discussions. Lots of people will be there at SC, and are looking for merchandise (give aways, fliers etc). Nick can take things. Helen said a key thing should be sharing why tge UK is great for DRI, the fact that we are a forward thinking place and hence great to come to for talent and be involved working with DRI. The key here is future looking. 

Nick mentioned the booklet idea of DRI projects, Jo said have booklets of what has been funded under the federation project and then got those projects to present at their meeting this week. Helen said this is a nice idea, and can share with Universities - we often say there is a lot happening and people don't know, so one way of addressing this.

### CIUK

Jo said next CIUK meeting will be next week and confirm the program, she has emailed round to say there is a 90 min DRI slot (or so) in the main program. Each network plus will give a lightening session and then a panel discussion afterwards. UKRI will send someone to talk about the overall goal of the program here. Timing will be confirmed next Tuesday, got lots of positive responses so that's great and will be a busy session. 

Nick highlighted that there will be a CAKE/DRI booth at CIUK and a chance to advertise our things there. 

#### CAKE calendar

Nick highlighted the CAKE calendar, collecting things in a central location. Samantha said she couldn't see it, and Helen mentioned an SSL error - but other people could see it fine. Nick will follow up to see if there are any configuration issues causing problems here. It was highlighted that an internal calendar of upcoming funding would be good. 

A unified application form for funding was discussed, but it was highlighted that there are challenges around the differences between large vs small projects. But capturing logistic/proforma information might be suitable in a general form and then can share demographics etc across the board. A discussion was held around how capturing EDI information, Samantha said optional for CaSDaR and those who are successful have to provide information, this could be standardised across network. Nick said could collect centrally if this was allowed, then can grab high level statistics across the board. Helen highlighted three or four network pluses around how to do EDI across these kinds of things. EDI hub groups have potentially developed some of this. https://www.ukri.org/what-we-do/browse-our-areas-of-investment-and-support/equality-diversity-and-inclusion-hub/

## Coordinating DRI activities

NB will send round a montly calendar invite (after a when2meet) and under CAKE we will have a private DRI projects repo that we can use across the board (e.g. collect upcoming funding opportunities). He will also set up a mailing list across DRI projects.

Helen highlighted that the Turk network-pluses have linked up project managers into their own group. They can discuss issues directly, without PI involved in admin side. Potentially of interest, but an extra meeting was highlighted by Lucy. Probably sufficient for this meeting regularly, in the short term don't need to rule it out long term. Could be a sub-mailing list for these things.

Was highlighted that anyone involved in the projects can come to this meeting when we set it up - specifically people who the PI is happy representing the projects (done from their angle). 

# Agenda

* Discussion around pool of reviewers for flexible funding
* SC
* DRI congress in October
* CIUK
* Appetite for monthly meetings
* AoB
